hi John Everett here Colossus janitorial
building maintenance doing a review on a
product on how to remove cat urine from
carpet we have a carpet cleaning
division that does residential and
commercial carpet cleaning here in Las
Vegas and the single biggest challenge
that we have is removing pet urine dog
and cat urine from carpet in the
residential in the homes the council we
go into cat urine is most of you know
that own cats is very powerful it's much
more powerful than the dogs although the
dogs tend to use the same spot over and
over the cat's urine because it's so
high in protein it's just extremely
powerful and it just permeates through
the entire house so over the last 15
years we've tried multiple products
Nature's Miracle Nature's destroyer out
four or five different ones just in the
last two years and then we got
approached by a vendor about three
months ago to try a new product that hit
the market supposedly they do all save
all carpet cleaning companies are going
to love it
and we promise that we try it out so I'm
here to do a review on it to let you
know exactly how well this stuff works
or I was going to do a review on how
well it didn't work and I told them
that's the risk after running it works
great I'll do it for you great if it
works if it's horrible well we're gonna
leave you not so good review here it is
guys right here amazing solutions pet
stain and odor remover absolutely
incredible for eliminating cat urine
from carpet and how does that work it's
an enzyme based product which is
absolutely mandatory when you're
eliminating urine smells from carpet
urine is basically proteins proteins
molecules you've got to break those down
into the crystallized form and then
extract them if they're not broken down
you will never get a full extraction and
the odor will return I'm sure several of
you have experienced that we did with
multiple products for two or three days
they would sit would smell great and
then our phone will start ringing it
still smells a little bit my wife
complained oh my
kid was wrestling on the carpet and she
could smell the cat urine again and
that's horrible for a company to have to
go back out and do another clean because
we didn't extract it properly doesn't
happen all the time but it does happen
from time to time so with this
particular product right here knock on
wood we haven't had any complaints and
everybody loves the smell here in Vegas
because of the pollen there's a lot of
people that have allergies and there's a
lot of products you can't used in their
home this product has been certified by
the carpet rug Institute which handles
about 95% of the carpet cleaning
manufacturing projects when I say
handling I mean basically puts them
through an extreme qualifying process
that makes sure they're safe to use in
your house around your kids and around
your pets we won't even entertaining a
product if it doesn't have the CRI seal
of approval and this one does right
there so with that being said quick
clinic on how to extract cat urine from
carpet locate the area if you're having
trouble locating it get you a UV LED
black flashlight amazing solutions gave
us one so I assume they sell them on
amazon.com you can check it out very
easy to locate you'll find the area once
you locate the area
daba with just the white cloth dab up
any of the excess urine are extracted
with just a normal arm on your vacuum
cleaner you don't need a wet or a dry
vac like what we use in the field out
there
Nuka with this stuff now saturation is
important you have to saturate the stain
or it's not going to completely remove
all of it so if the stains this big go
outside of it a couple inches don't be
afraid this stuff isn't it's not super
expensive use it because once you use it
you extract that you'll be good to go
Nuka with that let it sit for ballpark
15-20 minutes if it's an older stain you
might even have to do it twice um with
that being said let it dry a little bit
grab the vacuum of your arm suck it out
you should be good to go
don't forget to blot when you're
cleaning up the urine don't rub it in or
you're just gonna push it deeper into
the hair fibers of the carpet okay
2-minute clinic on how to get cat urine
out basically guys you got to have the
right product that's the name of the
game
the technological advances that they've
made in chemicals just in the last
couple of years is incredible saves us a
ton of money ton of elbow grease and we
get a charge for it so that's a good
thing anyway check it out I don't know
if you can see that real well or not pet
odor pet stain and odor remover amazing
solutions good luck and I hope this
helps we love the product Thanks